a hippo in a house is one of the
weirdest things I've ever seen
now this may look like a bit of a giggle
but we've got to keep our wits about us
as this is a ton and a half of famously
unpredictable hippo and anything could
happen okay don't come too close
joy oh don't worry I've never shared a
living room with a hippo before but Tony
and Shirley don't seem too bothered
isn't what Oh
don't in one
walk around behind me okay I'm gonna get
up you're seven just come and sit down
next to me first
oh no supervisor wow she's so heavy my
darling I have to say Shelly
in a whole lifetime working with animals
this is the weirdest thing I've ever
seen you are sitting with a hippo on
your lap in your front room how on earth
you gonna get up out of that that's
where you theater that the interview
goes well but Jessica's got good and
comfy and what you want to do when the
hippo that's resting its ginormous head
on you doesn't want to get up oh don't
give it to you
she just wants you to leave you know
it's moment of Donkey mainly feet Adam
Oh Becky Bailey for anything